# Prompt
For the Random Event Dice game, reason regarding the following potential enhancements:
- there needs to be a pause button that allows all of game play to stop, but not end necessarilly. The assumption is that for whatever reason, the time lapse counter needs to be paused as well as the rest of game play, and it is assumed that the user will want to resume game play. Thus the `Start Game` button can be changed into a `Pause` Game play button after `Start Game` has been clicked. Then once `Pause` has been hit then it changes to `Resume Game`. Thus there is no change to the `Stop` button. 
- The leaderboard in the dashboard should also include the time in seconds summed across all turns (even in the case that `Skip to the End` was clicked, then the `Roll Interval (seconds)` is used as the time between rolls for an individual persons turn. 
- The dice heatmap also needs a color legend associated with the Cold (under) & Hot (over) in the case that the user is colorblind and can't infer that Hot means red, and Cold is blue. 
- Also the dashboard should by default take up 3/4ths of the entire screen (and have an adjustable width) to make room for horizontal bar charts
- The Recent Turns (Last 10) visual can also have a line plot showing the last k turns (in this case 10) wher k is adjustable (between 0 & all turns). Thus we can see visually the comparison between players number of rolls between each other (or number of seconds if toggled to that value - or show on two charts) 
- Note that the settings by default should be hidden so the user must select the settings icon for them to become visible. This ensures that by default the `Start Game` button is visible (even on mobile) very quickly & easy to find for the user. 
- Note that inside the dashboard, the button at the very botton to `Skip to the end` isn't easily selectable when using mobile so we need to add white space margin thereafter (and substantial amount). Maybe add text that says "This dashboard has best user view when accessing via desktop as opposed to mobile" and it can be in italics & lighter yellow 

- Upon completion of these modifications, write additional tests using seed & specific setting configurations & advanced event logic so the tests are robuts & involve little to no UI navigation to begin the game. Note that a `sample configuration files` folder has been added for additional settings configurations that can be used in tests. Note that a valid test settings configuration MUST have a seed associated. 
- As a final act, update the readme for this particular game (inside it's own folder) regarding the game, including the default JSON structure based on default parameters. 
- Upon completion, commit changes locally. 
It is vital that if for context purposes, you are unable to complete all of these tasks, always locally commit your changes, update the tasks for the future so you could pick up where you left off given additional execution time & context. 